c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.exe.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\NuGet.Core.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication6\ConsoleApplication6\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication6.pdb
